Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Melissa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I'm here. I'm in, zoom, and I'll explain when you get in here. But yes, let's get started.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on in.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Melissa Harrison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bio psychosocial please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say things like client denies history of substance abuse treatment for hospitalization residential intensive outpatient allocation please transcribe specifically those levels of care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a lot of the transcription of the things that she doesn't endorse, they're also really fruitful because it means she's denying those things. That means that the clinician ask those questions so
Melissa Harrison: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all me. That was, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was I just I know better. I should have said it from 10 minutes after
Melissa Harrison: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Hour to set place I'm going to be coming at you with lots of questions a little bit up
Gwenevere Abriel: And Harrison, you are born June 25
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I received was coming after you. After you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you know what, let me let me send a quick message to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be probably a couple minutes late here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Today is a bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to be a lot of history taking
Gwenevere Abriel: But really quick upfront. I want to give you just a little tiny introduction of who I am, so that you at least know who your therapist is
Gwenevere Abriel: You already know for group you kind of get the idea. I can be sort of playful, I can get serious. I can cycle educate there's like
Gwenevere Abriel: A whole range of different ways to be well today I'm going to be very methodical
Gwenevere Abriel: And today I'm going to be very, like, what was the age well how much for how long. And when was your last shoes and I'm going to be so repetitive, it's probably going to be annoying and I do apologize for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it probably will never be like that again. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I've got to do because this is a two hour assessment that I have to jam in one hour.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little intro and me again don't add, of course impression. Let the next one be a better
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am a licensed marriage and family therapist here in South Florida and been doing this for over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of my career has been in the field of substance use. I love it. Just got drawn into it, big piece of it 14 years of it was in a felony drug court here in Broward County.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great program really change people's lives in a positive way, you're kind of sort of in something like that. So I was like a anybody that comes through the drug court. I want to do it because I love working with folks. I love that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of got a positive angle on on having the judge and to involve most people don't think of it as a positive thing, but I like it because for some people that can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Remain clean. I can't knock on door. I can't put an ankle bracelet on it on y'all. I can't pull you in custody, if you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Still using I can't do that. But appeal. Can I can save your life. And I can't go knock on your door like that. So I've always seen it as sort of a positive thing. I'm kind of weird that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm glad to be working with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple other things. And then we're going to dive right in.
Gwenevere Abriel: My phone so my phone, it's my personal cell phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it does
Gwenevere Abriel: It does mean that I will. I use it for scheduling only as a for scheduling. I don't use it for psychotherapy, so there won't be this ongoing conversation like a friend would it'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Kenya can to attend all the work will happen here. I'm an independent contractor. So when you don't show up. Then I'm not going to be earning a living, so there's
Gwenevere Abriel: No human over here, it's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I work really hard to be here. I did my hair up just for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well rested I've eaten well actually haven't eaten yet I'm hydrated. So I really want to be present for you. I'm going to work hard and I'll be here. It was 10 minutes late, and I am sorry about that. It meant that I was
Melissa Harrison: Kind of working with someone interface there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's
Melissa Harrison: Wanting to make sure I didn't like Miss understand or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the key with the phone is it'll be tempting to want to have a long conversation, you'll pray, it'll probably happen to you, it happens to everybody. Or like, Yeah, but I'm going to be to be to be to give any of anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll give them an Uber. Oh, let's talk about it in, zoom, or you might hear from a care navigator I learned over the years with the best way to do it is you either can attend. Yes, I can confirm. Don't be there or no.
No. Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really been good. This last year, I've been texting, everybody. The night before, I don't have to do that, but it seems to work for me. And it seems to work for you guys, so I'm gonna try to keep doing that. The other thing is you're in Dr our rails group right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I gotta remind about my ears. I got this year condition and it makes me feel like I'm a 30,000 feet in the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there's this pressure on the eardrum. The only way to clear it is I do this really cookie thing or I do that and it might look like I'm making fun of somebody. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I have to do the hair flip
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. So you're going to see me a group probably do that a lot. And you'll just it'll you'll become so normal that it'll be you won't even see it anymore. I've noticed people forget, but I do like pissing people off with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, one more thing. I know that. Oh, the doctor are real thing. So she is my mother.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, she told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: So what doesn't happen is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't refer to her that way I you never going to hear stories you know anything really about me. Anyway, I'm not a storyteller. It's better clinically if people kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, yeah blank slate kind of thing. But that doesn't prohibit her from doing it. She's not the clinician. So she steps outside that lane.
Melissa Harrison: Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the degree that I'm comfortable with it. I'll let it flow. There might be times where you might see me kind of cut her off a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's the key all of it is grist for the mill, meaning it's something that if something you notice happens in group, bring it up, bring it up to me.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about it there. I don't ever get upset over anything. I'm just gonna do my thing. I'm going to take care of myself. No one ever has to take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, if you like, Oh that was so weird. I saw you do this and it remind me the way it was my own sister or my mother was like I felt so uncomfortable. I just wanted to call out of my skin.
Melissa Harrison: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Think happened, nobody ever said that, but it could happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you would come to me right and you'd say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I did not want to stay in group you, my point is, you can bring up whatever comes up for you. Okay.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like your first time really being in psychotherapy first time in group is all just brand spanking new so it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a great impression on you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today's not going to be a great impression. So it's going to be super bossy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I won't mean to. But this is a hard assessment to get done. Are you ready
Melissa Harrison: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this. Okay. Only way to do it, jump right in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be soon as I can open up this note.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it is, it's a lot like being on the phone, where there's some discomfort that will come up in the silence. Like, are you still there like low, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll happen. There'll be this weird awkward feeling when it's quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that has to we have to get comfortable with it. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so here we go. Asia first use of an opiate SHORT ACTING. WHICH MEANS heroin opiates for cassettes hydropower and long ago is a buprenorphine.
Melissa Harrison: I was prescribed hydro for my wisdom teeth like
Melissa Harrison: Two years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to make them work for that house.
Melissa Harrison: Oh 809
Melissa Harrison: Team, though. Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: He 19 know probably more like 2322
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So today is going to be short answers and we're gonna go on to the next thing. No time for stories.
Melissa Harrison: And we're 20 minutes after not kidding will never get through those. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out the age. I'm just looking for an age we got age 1980s 19 and it was one a wisdom tooth. Please transcribe and this is being transcribed forgot to mention that. So you first use was a wisdom tooth. Paul, we were age 19 and trying to get a sense of how it progressed from there. Was it
Melissa Harrison: wasn't us. I'm not here for opioids, so no
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so welcome.
Everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: I just remember that. Okay so dangerous. Use of opioids was age 19 and it was a one time. Yes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Chris, use of THC.
Melissa Harrison: I want to say 14
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression of us from there, something like this. I'm a smoke and every weekend. Oh, I loved it every day three balls, a day. Now tell me the palette went
Melissa Harrison: Progression is I was smoking every day. And then I got my medical card.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you stop.
Melissa Harrison: It now and I'm still smoking prescribed it. Now it's my turn.
Gwenevere Abriel: So age 14 I smoked every day. How much were you smoking every day.
Melissa Harrison: Like a bowl. Not very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was all the way up until when and did it increase or decrease
Melissa Harrison: Um, I guess it increase the last couple years.
Melissa Harrison: Um,
Melissa Harrison: It helps me sleep.
Melissa Harrison: And stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the last couple years.
Melissa Harrison: Like A COUPLE BALLS a day, like maybe three balls, a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And last use was one
Melissa Harrison: Last night before I went to bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now today.
Melissa Harrison: No, not yet. I woke up and I got ready for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last night, okay. And at its most how much ingesting of its many forms THC. Have you done. What was the most
Melissa Harrison: I don't know, like a big board on for 20
Melissa Harrison: Years last year. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is your first use of
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to pull up a list here while you're sharing that is your first use of alcohol.
Melissa Harrison: Boom was a 14 as well. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression.
Melissa Harrison: I'm not much into the last couple years as
Well,
Melissa Harrison: I don't like the taste of alcohol, though I didn't really ever drink it. I would prefer not to. It's not my drug of choice by far.
Melissa Harrison: More recently, I got, I started trying to kinds of wines and I like wines lot. They're not as high percentage or anything, but, um, I started drinking a lot of wine and that's where it progress, but it only progress, like literally a couple months, like
Melissa Harrison: Oh, couple
Melissa Harrison: Before this year started and then it ended pretty abruptly to with my wreck. So it only progressed for like less than six months.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a car wreck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, when was that I just got the date of
January 28
Gwenevere Abriel: That's gonna be silent for a second. I gotta look for document.
Gwenevere Abriel: Easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, since there's not a long history with these opiates. This part will probably move pretty quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try and really let my next question guide us
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm asking for age is going to age progression last use age progression last us and we'll move right through it. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last use of alcohol was when
Melissa Harrison: Every 28
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's most how much we bring in
Melissa Harrison: A couple glasses of wine a day.
Melissa Harrison: Usually in the evening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, have you ever been so intoxicated that you blacked out
Melissa Harrison: Yes, my singular one time was the night of my wreck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying after two glasses of wine. You blacked out
Melissa Harrison: And that was singular like that when you after the general how much was I drinking. I'm not going to use the one out of 45 million days and say, and put them in the average because it's not the average
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you
Melissa Harrison: Just come back from the Military
Melissa Harrison: And we drink a couple bottles of wine a couple bottles of wine together. So that's not a normal thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Melissa Harrison: Was to celebrate her coming back and I hadn't been drinking. Very often sense. So, it hit me a lot. Well obviously really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now when you actually blacked out. You said
Melissa Harrison: Oh yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the night of the accident 128
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. All right. Let's keep going. And have you ever had. These will be yes knows told you this was a hard assessment. I wasn't kidding was like. So have you ever had people say, Oh girl, you need to cut back on that train
Melissa Harrison: Though
Melissa Harrison: Doing coins never been an issue for not my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client does not endorse cage screening. Second one. Um, have you ever thought I need to cut back. I am going to try and cut back. And boy, this is really harder than I thought. Yes or no.
Melissa Harrison: It's not been hard. I don't have withdrawals. I couldn't. I would be old. My fridge for months.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a no. Have you ever had to drink in the morning like
Gwenevere Abriel: I need an eye opener clients and nice. So those are the cage screenings, please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. I told you I was gonna be interrupting. I told you this this assessment is not a fun one. Here we go. Let's keep it going. I'm Theresa reason that you came to treatment is what, what were you see
Melissa Harrison: Aggravated DUI. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're following a court order.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I related to you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the chief complaint and we're looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: A new are you on pre trial release you know if that's the wording.
Melissa Harrison: I'm already on probation already went to court.
Gwenevere Abriel: on probation. Okay. And is that going to last a year, or do you know
Melissa Harrison: Yes, when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're when you're from once again.
Melissa Harrison: I don't know the exact date. I went to court. A couple weeks ago. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok let's circle back to the substances, again, just to be for age progression last us. Here we go. Um, have you ever experimented with there might be a long list of things. Why don't I flip it around just might go faster. The other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you experimented with a lot of different substances in your life.
Melissa Harrison: lieu
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your surgeon. How about this. Have you experimented with heroin, cocaine or crack
Melissa Harrison: I've done coke ones. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks backup plans denies lifetime use of heroin. Have you ever experimented accidentally or intentionally WITH FENTANYL yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No client denies lifetime you to fentanyl. How about cradle yes or no.
Melissa Harrison: I don't even know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And crack cocaine.
Ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Powder or crap.
Melissa Harrison: Powder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a little rock okay so clan endorses a one time use a powder cocaine. How old were you
Melissa Harrison: I was 17
Gwenevere Abriel: That was one time. Yes.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I got super sick and I never wanted to again.
Gwenevere Abriel: One time use age 17 please transcribe
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got. Oh, how about Asia first use of tobacco.
I'm
Melissa Harrison: 13
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression from there.
Melissa Harrison: It was like a pack a week to now it takes I've smoked like a I suppose I pretty much still smoke a pack a week, but I used to smoke a lot more
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's most Thomas read on.
Melissa Harrison: I was probably smoking like two packs a day.
Melissa Harrison: Okay, I was like, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1819 2019 and now I smell about that day.
Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: A week
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, a week.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, that's what I said is a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for clarifying that.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah. Yeah, I definitely get it took that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big difference. Okay, so stay there. Are you doing great. I'm just going to say tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alcohol, I got the th see any use of spice. Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client or you got to say something. Now it's video
Gwenevere Abriel: So client does not endorse lifetime use of spice to client denies any lifetime use recreational or medical prescription of typically known as ADHD medicine, such as Ritalin or Adderall via Vance number I in tonight's lifetime use of those substances any use of ecstasy.
Melissa Harrison: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients a nice lifetime us please transcribe any use of if you don't know the word that's fine barbiturate
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can use of barbiturate. What about a benzo that's zannini
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I denies lifetime. Use the benzodiazepines. What about crystal meth. What about math.
Gwenevere Abriel: never find a nice lifetime. Use a fast. How about huffing or whippets
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You like that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight, but don't use of huffing
Behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about shrooms No client nice lifetime use of mushrooms. What about acid or PCP.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime use of mushrooms as a PCP.
Gwenevere Abriel: We run it through. So we've got know on heroin and fentanyl know on create them know on spice and know on crack cocaine and know on methylphenidate know and ecstasy know I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A math crystal meth barbiturates Benz's whippets and huffing and know on hallucinogens got a lot of no's from you. Any substance abuse treatment history in your lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: No please transcribe client denies lifetime treatment of residential actually before that hospital residential IoT outpatient, have you ever gone to a
Melissa Harrison: Or this is my first legal charge ever too so
Gwenevere Abriel: I denies also attending a na please transcript.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, now let's go to a new section we cruise right they're not one
Melissa Harrison: Not one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stage clothes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go to this next section.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one is. And again, short answers. This is just for me and to meet an accreditation piece. So when you and I talk every one of those questions like, you can take the whole hour if you wanted. Okay, right now it's just me. Have you, have you ever been diagnosed with a psychiatric
Gwenevere Abriel: Diagnosis such as depression, anxiety, learning disorder at impulse control know psychiatric history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: No hospitalizations for having wanted to end your own life.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any psychiatric medication history at all we ever on any medication okay client denies lifetime medication management services, as well as psychiatric
Gwenevere Abriel: True.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, that's correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right in your lifetime. Have you ever had suicidal thoughts like, I don't want to live anymore.
Melissa Harrison: Um, no, not to that extreme. Definitely not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me what level it has been
Melissa Harrison: I mean, there'll be times. I'm like, Dang, my life really sucks right now, but I will always go to the part was like
Melissa Harrison: I still have my cat I saw my family. So what do I need to do to make them happier and make me happier. Usually I just try to focus on work and stuff that's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's lifetime history of suicidal ideation intent plan action. Have you ever wanted to commit homicide, which is killing someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: finds a nice lifetime history of homicidal ideation intent plan action. Have you ever engaged in self injurious behavior where you cut your own skin or
Gwenevere Abriel: For skin.
Melissa Harrison: Know,
Melissa Harrison: I work blood and I don't do well with any of that.
Melissa Harrison: I've never even sprained anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Client tonight is self interest lifetime history of self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Got psych meds for the duper, duper. Oh, okay. Well, I, are we go
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually filled with all kinds of information in there where you adopted.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this one you're going to hear the same questions, but for different people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the different people that I'll be asking you about. I'm going to share the screen with you. So you can see some of the words that I'm looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the people are they asking you about or your mother, your father will be asking whether you have children. I'll be asking about relationship history and I'll be asking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids, things like that. So here we go, mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your mother living
Melissa Harrison: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does your mother have a psychiatric illness that, you know, or some so
Melissa Harrison: I guess I should put in there. My dad and my mom divorced when I was a child, how
Melissa Harrison: He lives in Colorado somewhere and I haven't
Melissa Harrison: Reached I I'm her friend on Facebook. But that's as far as our relationship goes, I don't really know much about her side of the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know mother son family.
Gwenevere Abriel: So client reports doesn't know about your family, the parents were divorced when child was how all
Melissa Harrison: I don't really remember her, I have to ask my dad no specific date but college me before I was like four years old, like maybe like three. I don't know. But that's just a guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible last scene right with some around age three or four, but you know what the story is of when
Gwenevere Abriel: They were divorced. Do you know how old you were when they were divorced do no
Melissa Harrison: No.
Melissa Harrison: No, I, my dad.
Melissa Harrison: never really cared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client does not recall so
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to just answer my questions. Here we go. Do you know, and he's give you stories do you know if your mother has a psychiatric illness and if she has alcohol or drug use. History
Melissa Harrison: I know that she has worn drug use history. Okay. Not sure what
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know she was diagnosed with anxiety disorder, attention deficit disorder dissociative disorder eating disorder impulse disorder.
Melissa Harrison: I wouldn't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Melissa Harrison: I would have to talk to my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later on,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if there was ever any suicide attempt by your mother.
Melissa Harrison: As far as I know, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know if there's any history on her side of the family of schizophrenia.
Melissa Harrison: I would have no idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, let's move on. Let's go over to and you wouldn't know medical either. So I'm just going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: See what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have an unknown. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just say please transcribe unknown client appears to have not had contact since toddler.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let's go to quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some words here in front of me that describe the quality relationship between you and your mother and I heard that I heard what you said, but we're stuck with these words. Here we go, and adequate close consistent, none of those are, yes.
Melissa Harrison: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might change my list. I'm going to change it to this list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality relationship abusive avoidant boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Melissa Harrison: Not, I mean, I'm not sure any of those words would work because I mean she tried to get in contact with me with my childhood and I didn't want to contact her so wouldn't be like a void in and putting her
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put distant
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is it satisfying to you the way it is.
Melissa Harrison: Um, yeah. My dad was the best part of both of them. So I fully appreciate how I grew up so
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though she's our friend on Facebook, you really don't have a relationship at all with her.
Melissa Harrison: No, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's non existent just
Gwenevere Abriel: Three or four your father's living, does he have any psychiatric or substance use history.
Melissa Harrison: I know that he drank a lot like in his college days.
Melissa Harrison: But he's been sober pretty much since I was born.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he suicide attempts, schizophrenia. Anything on his family, his grandpa uncle down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any learning disorder impulse control on that side of the family.
Melissa Harrison: Know that I've ever heard of know
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical illness on dad's side that you know have
Gwenevere Abriel: You dad. I'm sorry. Just dad just want to know him.
Melissa Harrison: I know he's
Melissa Harrison: He's super
Gwenevere Abriel: super healthy. Oh, I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: To share the screen with you and you're going to pick some words you like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're looking for. Again, remember I told you, different people, same questions. Here's quality of relationship with Dad Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it adequate close consistent or fulfilling it can be all or none of these, we can pick. Um, I just quit.
Melissa Harrison: Consistent fulfilling for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, functional intimate loving reliable any of those
Melissa Harrison: All of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about rewarding satisfying stable.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: Supportive yeah
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about these. Keep your eyes on there, keep keep one more spot. I'll be abusive know avoid it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: No chaotic.
Melissa Harrison: Sometimes maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: And trolling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though exploitive fragile inconsistent neglectful any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Know parasitic punishing stale traumatic.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go up here to unfaithful unhappy unhealthy any of these guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, got you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all the relationship between the parents. Do you know anything about what they, how they were doing together those two
Melissa Harrison: Um, as far as I know, there were not healthy together, which is why they divorced, because my dad was getting serious about like being clean and sober and she wasn't so far as I know, it was until they weren't
Melissa Harrison: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Transcribed something like whatever client just said, and I think it was something like they were using together at one point.
Gwenevere Abriel: father wanted to get clean it appears to have caused or contributed to marital discord.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I'm okay. Do you have any siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, breaking down for me.
Melissa Harrison: I have an older sister that is 27 and a younger brother, that is 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got younger brother 11 what's his name. And what's the quality of relationship with him, you saw some words skinny one of those
Melissa Harrison: Um, his name is Joshua and
Melissa Harrison: We're super close
Melissa Harrison: To propose very supportive of each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: super close and very supportive, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Transcribe other age 11 Joshua
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got 27 year old sister. What's the quality relationship with older sister.
Um,
Melissa Harrison: It's adequate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Adequate
Gwenevere Abriel: To work.
Melissa Harrison: We live together, but there is a lot of complex as
Gwenevere Abriel: A mental illness, meaning any ADHD impulse control eating disorder substance use, or any suicidal ideation psychosis with either of your siblings.
Melissa Harrison: I'm not with my brother who supersport he he's got everything going for him. My sister is on felony probation right now okay for
Melissa Harrison: Her official charge was I'm like selling math.
Melissa Harrison: But
Melissa Harrison: Then since then gone to rehab and spent time in jail. Since her original charge
Melissa Harrison: For kissing dirty.
Melissa Harrison: And she battled with her issues on staying clean from a lot, which is why mainly haven't done a lot of serious stuff like that because I've watched her go through it and it's been scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sister as endorsed is having Matthews history. Please transcribe clients statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it sounds like it's a it's one that touches you
Melissa Harrison: And we'll know. Yeah, it's a it's when that
Melissa Harrison: Occurs. Very often, and it
Gwenevere Abriel: will touch on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a later date. Do you have any children.
Gwenevere Abriel: No client does not have children. Okay, here we go. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been married
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies ever having been married
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no, not quite.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where were you born
Melissa Harrison: Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, born in Los Alamos, New Mexico. And when you're. These are just stories, all you have to say is, I don't know. OK. Ready, just say, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, when your mother was pregnant with you, normal pregnancy as far as you know forceps delivery pro long premature anything
Melissa Harrison: I was premature. We're in two months early and I had to mature ones as well. I was under two pounds. I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Two months premature.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the lungs were premature.
Gwenevere Abriel: Transcribe that premature two months. Okay milestones, do you know if your milestones were normal or delayed meaning crawled on time talked on time walked on time.
Melissa Harrison: So, oh those milestones. Yeah. Yeah, they were on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic already know birth order. She is second in three all together. She is placement of second
Melissa Harrison: On I guess if you want to put down my mom had like two different miscarriages, and between my sister and me and after the second miscarriage. She actually got her tubes tied. She wasn't supposed to give birth again and then I hear I came along. So I don't know how that works, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna happen.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so temperament. You ready when you are tiny talk you described as anxious easy cranky or cuddling.
Melissa Harrison: Easy as well as cranky.
Gwenevere Abriel: extrovert fussy happy.
Melissa Harrison: I'm
Melissa Harrison: Remind me what extrovert means again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And needs your outgoing and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get them.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: I just wanted to make sure that was the right one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm an overactive sad shy withdrawn.
Melissa Harrison: I wouldn't say overactive, but I was pretty active
Gwenevere Abriel: Any fears, when you were
Melissa Harrison: Not really, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you know if they were fears. If you really didn't want to leave home, you would
Melissa Harrison: Say, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so distressed. If someone left of that you might
Melissa Harrison: Guess, when I was like a little, little child. I remember being like six or seven maybe
Melissa Harrison: And whenever my sister would like go to like have a sleep over with a friend or something. I would definitely sit in the window of my bunk bed and watch her leave and be upset, but I don't know if that's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any nightmares or night terrors in your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: No any
Gwenevere Abriel: Temper tantrums thumb sucking tix
Melissa Harrison: I
Melissa Harrison: Suck my thumb growing up. They gave me a little overbite. And my thumbs are actually a little different sizes, like still just barely
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, and I would throw a tantrum every once in a while, but my dad was a firm believer in punishment. So that never lasted bunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now we're talking about school
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal outstanding dislike school disorganized dyslexia hyperactive and attention, any of those words.
Melissa Harrison: Um, I guess it's a bit more complicated. Just because I was in public school until second grade. And then I was home schooled by my brother's mother. So my ex step mom.
Melissa Harrison: Until my dad and her got divorced and then I went back to public school my eighth grade year so school was a little confusing time for me.
Melissa Harrison: Just because I was used to working by myself. And then I was in a classroom and then I got along. And then it was just crazy. So it was a roller coaster. But I enjoyed school
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so please transcribe verbatim what client just stated
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything from second grade to homeschool just please let's just put exactly what she said. I like it. It was a confusing time but
Gwenevere Abriel: Overall, I liked it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about friends many friends close friends, few friends or teased by friends.
Melissa Harrison: Um, I was definitely never teased I have close friends, but I wouldn't say I have a lot of friends like I am acquainted with people.
Melissa Harrison: But I only got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got it and parents behavior. Wow, this is going to be interesting. Okay, so just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Step parent was in how long is apparent there. Let's think about where they
Gwenevere Abriel: argued with
Gwenevere Abriel: They argued in front of you or been violent in front of you.
Melissa Harrison: Um, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how long were was stepmother your stepmother.
Melissa Harrison: Here's my stepmother.
Melissa Harrison: Seven years old, till I was
Melissa Harrison: only like four years maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So eight 910 11 from
Gwenevere Abriel: Age seven accidentally age 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Step mother president as a caregiver just not recall frequent arguing or violent
Melissa Harrison: Religious
Gwenevere Abriel: Science. Yeah. So client denies
Witnessing
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies witnessing violence between her parents were you ever grounded hit with a belt here with a fist slapped or
Melissa Harrison: spanked percent I had attitude of the booty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Melissa Harrison: Think I did something wrong. I definitely have got grounded. I've definitely had my phone smashed with a hammer, but it was all because I was doing what I wasn't supposed to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you are grounded. You said no belt no fancy
Melissa Harrison: Things before. Most definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, here we go. Keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're slowing down just a little bit still want short answer. So here we go. Have you ever experienced neglect where you were left alone to cook for yourself fend for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No client please transcribe client denies history of neglect. Have you ever been touched in appropriately as a little girl sexually before you were 18 touched by okay client denies history of molestation, let's talk about physical abuse. Have you ever been hit and hurt were left a mark.
Melissa Harrison: Um, I had a minor situation, my eighth grade year with my dad.
Melissa Harrison: Okay, I
Melissa Harrison: Got him super pissed off and
Melissa Harrison: He was, he spanked me. But he was a bit more like angry about it. Then he usually was and I didn't take it as a thing. But I definitely had welts on like the back of my thighs, a little bit.
Melissa Harrison: And the school called child protective services, but the whole thing was fixed and like they saw the situation and saw that they were just trying to make sure I was fine. But I was. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical abuse anyone from a friend or partner a stranger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you, are you a survivor of sexual assault like a rape.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, please transcribe does not endorse sexual abuse. History
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go up to conduct. Do you ever run away, yes or no.
Melissa Harrison: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever stolen anything yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever skipped school been truant
Melissa Harrison: I've never been true and wise but yes I have skipped school
Gwenevere Abriel: You're brought a weapon to school.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Have you ever set fires, just because you wanted to check out fire setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know rim binge eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you been man okay I ever been cruel to animals.
Melissa Harrison: Definitely matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far to get in school where yeah
Melissa Harrison: I graduated high school
Gwenevere Abriel: Client has high school diploma any additional education or training.
Melissa Harrison: Or no, I've been working since
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been working since okay are you working right now.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: full or part time
Melissa Harrison: It's part time right now because of coronavirus they had to lay some people off.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Melissa Harrison: I'm, I'm a Domino's employee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's right.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah. Before that I was a medical records director, as well as an adult nursing home so
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: History
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you consider your financial status stable. Stable
Stable
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sexual history do you identify as bisexual lesbian heterosexual other
Melissa Harrison: Destiny straight
Gwenevere Abriel: You are straight single partner multiple partners.
Melissa Harrison: single person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexually active or no.
Melissa Harrison: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right now. Okay. We already said no to this one, this one. Okay. All right. Are you in a romantic relationship right now.
Melissa Harrison: No, I'm not.
Gwenevere Abriel: In past relationships. Remember all those quality words, some of them were positive. Some of them were negative, when you think about your relationship. History
Gwenevere Abriel: For any of them abusive chaotic or close
Melissa Harrison: All three
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to show you the list. You're going to pick on. Here we go.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Consistent controlling or distant any of that.
Melissa Harrison: I'm controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive fragile fulfilling
Melissa Harrison: fragile and fulfilling
Gwenevere Abriel: Inconsistent intimate long lasting.
Melissa Harrison: Inconsistent
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I say loving neglectful parasitic
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of those. So you looking at okay we got all these yet reliable recordings written twice. Ignore that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Satisfying stable supportive traumatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy any of that.
I'm
Melissa Harrison: Satisfying supportive dramatic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about unhappy unsatisfying unsupportive
Melissa Harrison: I'm
Melissa Harrison: Sometimes I'm supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you had a current relationship.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do y'all argue about when he was in one
Melissa Harrison: With my last one would mainly be about drinking. To be honest, I
Melissa Harrison: Yell at him about drinking and he would leave me about it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any arguing about sex money in laws infidelity friends drugs or children or time spent
Gwenevere Abriel: How long has that relationship.
Melissa Harrison: Was probably like seven, eight months. It wasn't long one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who you were with right now.
Melissa Harrison: My sister.
Melissa Harrison: Before that I was living with myself. I've never lived with the scope or a boyfriend. I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say family and she. What does it say sister don't even have it.
Melissa Harrison: Now, that's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to write it is weird.
Melissa Harrison: That is really weird because it's kind of common for someone to live together.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got no show. Otherwise, and I'm working
Gwenevere Abriel: Children hobbies. Okay, what you like to do for fun.
Melissa Harrison: Also an arts and crafts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Melissa Harrison: What else you got a games gardening.
Melissa Harrison: movies, music pets photography
Wow.
Melissa Harrison: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on.
Melissa Harrison: Socializing I guess kind of hard to do. I know coronavirus low
Melissa Harrison: And then I'm TV traveling
Melissa Harrison: And
Melissa Harrison: Word. What I like to go hiking a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I love to be out in nature, even just if even if I just going up to my room for a sec. I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times have you been arrested in your lifetime. Is it just the ones
Melissa Harrison: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was
Gwenevere Abriel: When we got here tonight to make it easy. All right, we already know you were arrested 128 28 and it was for me.
Melissa Harrison: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So client is currently on a one year probation and this treatment right heart health is mandated. Okay, well guess what we only have really three more things to do. Super easy, and they're kind of we get to wing it a little bit with a whopping five minutes that we have
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think of your self esteem from zero to 1010 being, I'm a rock star I set my mind to do some I can kick ass and do it. That's a 10
Melissa Harrison: We like a 7.5 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And now here comes to goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: First goal is going to be around why you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, don't be around the alcohol, probably, or maybe it'll be around something else for you. I want you to think about this category of where I started the questioning, which had to do with substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm included tobacco. It included everything that you use that had a mood altering effect that's what, when you think of a substance use and say mood altering substance, all of those things in that first category.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of a goal that you have not my goal, not the judges goal of probation officers goal, your goal. That's the one that I'm interested in. That's the one that's going to steer us
Gwenevere Abriel: For this time to go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: So think of it in, in, I want to kind of thing. How would you phrase that goal.
Melissa Harrison: I guess.
Melissa Harrison: I want
Melissa Harrison: To feel more comfortable with myself in order to not feel like
Melissa Harrison: If I hate it. Like if I want to hang out with certain people, I have to be doing what they're doing.
Melissa Harrison: A lot of it came with I started spending a lot of time with a certain group of friends and they're drinking all the time. So that's what we started doing I noticed I had stopped hiking a lot
Melissa Harrison: I stopped taking care of myself as much more like I get off work and just go over there and start partying with them because I wanted to hang out with them. So I guess more. I want to feel more comfortable with myself so that I don't feel the need
Melissa Harrison: To rely on my friends, I want to be able to rely on myself, Lord.
Melissa Harrison: I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're almost there. Let's pull us apart. Just a little. I feel more comfortable with myself now picture yourself around your friends and your friends are using substances, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Is the thing you want to do more of, I would like to feel more comfortable saying my yes to substance use, or saying my no to substance use, what are you really wanting to do
Melissa Harrison: I'm really wanting to feel, I guess, more comfortable and saying though because
Melissa Harrison: If you have the power to say no, then it wouldn't really matter what you're around, you would still be able to control yourself.
Melissa Harrison: But if you have that uncertainty of like you might say yes, then, then you're putting yourself in danger, and I don't want to lose my friends as well as put myself in danger, you know, but it's kind of like I have to pick me over them.
Melissa Harrison: About this, I'm going to get to the point where I don't have to make that choice, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Some pretty complex goals. You're saying we have a quite refined it yet.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. I want to feel it might help you look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't look anywhere else. But right here in the blue actually
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to feel more comfortable with myself. Is that really it. And if nothing else was there. Would that be true. Is that what you really want. Right there.
Melissa Harrison: Because I'm pretty comfortable with myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it's when
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Melissa Harrison: When I guess when I'm at my lowest points.
Melissa Harrison: Because I've noticed while I don't get like depressed. I will have kind of sad days, you know, I just feel like I'm focusing too much on the past and what
Melissa Harrison: Me like then what needs to be done. So when I'm down. I booked to my friends to bring me back up, I guess.
Melissa Harrison: And it should be more of a inside myself type of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any of this true, I want to be able to say no to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it really alcohol and is that really it or
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, that's really
Gwenevere Abriel: When friends were using
Melissa Harrison: With and I've kind of started getting practice on that nowadays, but it's helped with coronavirus because not, no one's really going out anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let's shift gears to more of this emotional stuff. This has to do with that thing you just said that had to do when I'm low
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think of things you're going to do more of
Gwenevere Abriel: Or less of. So now think about what depression is for you what anxiety is with self esteem is what ego strength is what my identity, you're a young person right you really young. So what is it that you want more of
What
Gwenevere Abriel: You think about your emotional well being.
Melissa Harrison: I guess.
Melissa Harrison: I guess I have noticed that like since I started like drinking like my emotional state was way more fragile. I was noticing that like
Melissa Harrison: I was just getting upset like about little things like I would get super stressed out at work and like it wouldn't affect the work, but in my head, I could just feel it, you know, like I was worried about something else, the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do more of what do you want to do less of
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Melissa Harrison: I want to do a lot more being outside like going on hikes and being adventurous. I want to, like, I'm not out of shape but like my butt could get a bit firmer, you know, like I could work out a little bit and get that a bit more enhance and
Melissa Harrison: Just stuff like that. Like I feel like before like before I got on this bender.
Melissa Harrison: I was always out doing fun thing like going to museums are going to concerts are doing this stuff that gets you out there. And then it was like, once I started hanging out with his people.
Melissa Harrison: I ended up just we're always going to our homies house and sitting on the couch and playing the same video games and drinking the same alcohol and just got in this word cycle and I'm glad to be out of that because I would much rather be out there doing things
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to go outside doing more things as I get it.
Melissa Harrison: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be looking at those every month.
Melissa Harrison: Will be looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: looking right at it will be able to measure will be able to set that up. The next time we meet, but this is a great start. You have three goals right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to feel more comfortable with myself when I'm at my lowest point
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to say no to alcohol and friends are drinking. I want to go outside and do more things that get it. Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: That's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a great start. So we're going to save this. We're going to set another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we get to go soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: As are so hard.
Melissa Harrison: There's a lot of information they pack into, like, an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I even asked all the questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goodness saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right now I'm your work schedule, are you setting your own hours or not so much.
Melissa Harrison: No, I'm not sending my own hours, but there
Melissa Harrison: They, they kind of keep it the same most of the time.
Schedule.
Melissa Harrison: Right now it's kind of up in the air, because I had to change my schedule because one of my main work days was the day that we do group.
Melissa Harrison: Oh, and so right now I'm kind of waiting for my, my boss was like re evaluate and see where he can plug me and elsewhere. So my schedule is like right in the middle of changing all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you going to know which day when you get
Melissa Harrison: Home what's today, Thursday I should know by like
Melissa Harrison: Saturday, because they do the schedule, they post the schedule on Sunday.
Melissa Harrison: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have a list right there, could you set a timer too late, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll set something up on Saturday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, her but I walk away. I'm done. I'm done. You know what I mean, like, I'm not going to see this note.
Well, no. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you put a little timer in your phone to be like tell when my schedule is set at lane. Oh 567 o'clock at night or whenever you think you're going to get it and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, Okay, I know what it is. Next week, and then I'll work something out on Saturday. I'll come up with something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, your next group is next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Can I look forward to seeing you.
Melissa Harrison: Are a thank you
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you later. Take care.
Bye.